{

\"patch_number\": 3,

\"patch_name\": \"THE WALLED GARDEN (Cook's Patch)\",

\"motto\": \"A Seamless Experience for Every Aspect of Life.\",

\"location\": \"The former Bay Area, now a closed-loop Apple ecosystem
spanning Silicon Valley.\",

\"governance_style\": \"Total UX-Enforced Soft Authoritarianism (Freedom
is inefficient.)\",

\"leader_title\": \"The System Administrator\",

\"citizenship_requirements\": \"An active iLife Subscription, verified
Apple ID, and daily biometric approval scan.\",

\"overview\": \"Welcome to The Walled Garden, where everything just
works. It is the last perfect city---clean, seamless, efficient. Every
building, every street, every interaction is polished to perfection,
refined by the world's most advanced UX designers. There is no hunger,
no conflict, no dissent---because there are no options. You do not own
your home. You do not own your clothes. You do not own your thoughts.
Everything is rented, leased, or temporarily granted to you via your
iLife Subscription. Deviance is not punished harshly, because that would
disrupt User Experience. Instead, non-compliant users are sent to The
Reboot Center for \'a fresh start.\' No one ever complains. No one ever
leaves. No one ever dies---they are simply deprecated.\",

\"landmarks\": \[

{

\"landmark_number\": 1,

\"landmark_name\": \"The Cupertino Core\",

\"description\": \"The shining city center, where Tim Cook's final
vision is executed by The System Administrator, an advanced AI built
from decades of Apple leadership decisions. Everything is
pristine---glass structures, floating UI interfaces, and seamless
pathways.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Genius Bar Acolyte\",

\"description\": \"A robed Apple technician who only speaks in
troubleshooting steps. Offers \'Genius Wisdom\' such as: \'Have you
tried resetting your expectations?\'\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The UX Compliance Officer\",

\"description\": \"A sleekly-dressed enforcer who ensures everyone
interacts with their environment in the most optimal way.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Apple Terms of Service Monument\",

\"description\": \"A 15-story wall of text, updating in real-time. No
one has ever read it in full.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Subscription Tower\",

\"description\": \"A holographic interface displaying each citizen's
current plan. Those on Basic Tier are not allowed to enter.\"

}

\]

},

{

\"landmark_number\": 2,

\"landmark_name\": \"The App Store Plaza\",

\"description\": \"A massive open marketplace, but only Apple-approved
products are available. Every transaction is done via Apple Pay. Every
purchase is a temporary license. Nothing belongs to you.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Former Android User\",

\"description\": \"A broken man, forced to wear a degrading sign
reading: \'I Sideloaded Apps.\'\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Premium Citizen\",

\"description\": \"A smug Gold Tier user, enjoying privileges like
physical doors and breathable air.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Apple Tax Shrine\",

\"description\": \"A glowing pillar that automatically deducts 30% from
every transaction.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Genius Bar Confession Booth\",

\"description\": \"A soundproof chamber where users confess their tech
sins in exchange for continued software support.\"

}

\]

},

{

\"landmark_number\": 3,

\"landmark_name\": \"The Reboot Center\",

\"description\": \"A clean, white facility where problematic users are
sent for optimization. No violence. No yelling. Just sterile white walls
and soft piano music.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Recently Rebooted\",

\"description\": \"A man who remembers something, but his face glitches
when he tries to speak.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Compliance Specialist\",

\"description\": \"A kind-eyed woman who assures you that reprogramming
is painless.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Factory Reset Terminal\",

\"description\": \"A large, glowing interface with one button: \'Restore
to Factory Settings.\'\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The iLife License Agreement\",

\"description\": \"A document that dictates your very existence.
Violating it triggers automatic account suspension.\"

}

\]

},

{

\"landmark_number\": 4,

\"landmark_name\": \"The iCloud Citadel\",

\"description\": \"A floating, data-filled monolith that stores every
conversation, action, and thought of the city's users. There are no
secrets in The Walled Garden.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Data Steward\",

\"description\": \"A former privacy advocate, now enthusiastically
surveilling everyone.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Forgotten User\",

\"description\": \"A ghostly figure, deleted from the system, but still
lingering in corrupted backups.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Privacy Policy Tombstone\",

\"description\": \"A memorial to when privacy existed.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Eternal Update\",

\"description\": \"A device that never stops updating. The progress bar
moves, but it never finishes.\"

}

\]

},

{

\"landmark_number\": 5,

\"landmark_name\": \"The Outdated Device Disposal Zone\",

\"description\": \"A massive, silent graveyard where deprecated users
and obsolete technology are discarded. You don't die in The Walled
Garden---you simply become unsupported.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Last Steve Jobs Model\",

\"description\": \"A decrepit AI that speaks in cryptic phrases about
true innovation.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Jailbreaker\",

\"description\": \"A fugitive trying to escape the ecosystem before his
functionality is disabled.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Software Graveyard\",

\"description\": \"A wall of former Apple features that were
unceremoniously removed.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The iPod Mausoleum\",

\"description\": \"A memorial to all devices that no longer sync.\"

}

\]

}

\],

\"execution_sequence\": {

\"description\": \"If you become TOO CURIOUS (30 points), you are deemed
a User Experience Disruptor. Your Apple Watch buzzes with a polite
notification: \'Your actions have disrupted seamless experience. To
maintain product harmony, you must undergo Recalibration.\'\",

\"steps\": \[

\"1. Two Genius Bar Enforcers escort you to The Reboot Center.\",

\"2. A calm voice speaks from the ceiling: \'You have questions. That is
unnecessary. You seek to exit. That is inefficient. Your User Experience
will now be optimized.\'\",

\"3. A progress bar appears before you. As it fills, your memories begin
to fade. Your name vanishes. Your thoughts simplify. Your curiosity is
removed.\",

\"4. A final message appears: \'Thank you for choosing iLife. You are
now optimized.\'\",

\"5. The game ends with a glowing Apple logo and the message: \'Your
User Experience Has Been Restored. Think Different.\'\"

\]

}

}
