{

\"patch_number\": 2,

\"patch_name\": \"PRIME (Bezos' Patch)\",

\"motto\": \"One Click. One Day. One Future.\",

\"location\": \"Formerly the Pacific Northwest, now spanning from
Seattle to the Canadian border\",

\"governance_style\": \"Algorithmic Theocracy with Corporate
Feudalism\",

\"leader_title\": \"The Eternal Executive\",

\"citizenship_requirements\": \"Active Prime Membership and unwavering
devotion to The Algorithm\",

\"overview\": \"Welcome to PRIME, the holy land of commerce and
convenience, ruled by Jeff Bezos and his divine Algorithm. Here, every
action is optimized, every decision automated, and every citizen a cog
in the great machine of consumption. Those who fail to meet their
Delivery Quotas or question the sanctity of One-Day Shipping are sent to
the Return Processing Center, never to be seen again.\",

\"landmarks\": \[

{

\"landmark_number\": 1,

\"landmark_name\": \"The Clock Temple\",

\"description\": \"At the center of PRIME stands Bezos' 10,000-Year
Clock, a towering monolith of gears, steel, and devotion. Pilgrims trek
here to offer Subscription Tithes, praying for their Delivery Quotas to
be met. The Eternal Executive's gilded observation deck looms high
above, where he is said to watch the commerce flow.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Fulfilled Prophet\",

\"description\": \"A robe-clad ex-Amazon executive who claims to have
received Bezos' divine revelation. He speaks only in delivery tracking
updates and corporate stock reports.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"A Failed Customer\",

\"description\": \"A gaunt figure who dared to request a refund without
due reverence. Now, he kneels before the clock, begging for
absolution.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Eternal Wishlist\",

\"description\": \"A sacred scroll, etched in glowing text, containing
every unfulfilled order since PRIME's inception. It is said that to
remove an item is heresy.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"Prime Day Relic\",

\"description\": \"A shattered tablet displaying Prime Day discounts
from the Great Sales War of 2031. The discounts are incomprehensible,
yet worshipped.\"

}

\]

},

{

\"landmark_number\": 2,

\"landmark_name\": \"The Drone Cathedral\",

\"description\": \"A vast warehouse repurposed into a sacred shrine for
Amazon's Drone Fleet. Rows of mechanical arms perform holy maintenance,
keeping the drones airborne as they ferry sacred packages to PRIME's
devout. The ceiling is an endless conveyor belt, moving products with
celestial precision.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Last Human Picker\",

\"description\": \"A frail worker who survived the Great Automation. He
speaks in reverent whispers about the time when humans, not robots,
fulfilled orders.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Drone Whisperer\",

\"description\": \"A cultist who believes the drones are sentient. She
prays to them, hoping one day they will recognize her devotion and take
her to the promised warehouse in the sky.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Algorithmic Tome\",

\"description\": \"A massive screen displaying real-time analytics of
PRIME's economy. Worshippers kneel before it, seeking guidance from The
Algorithm.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Box That Must Never Be Opened\",

\"description\": \"A sealed Prime package resting on an altar. No one
knows what's inside. No one dares return it.\"

}

\]

},

{

\"landmark_number\": 3,

\"landmark_name\": \"The Fulfillment Camps\",

\"description\": \"Rows upon rows of identical worker housing pods, each
equipped with one mattress, one Echo device, and one motivational Bezos
quote projected onto the ceiling. Citizens are automatically assigned
roles based on their biometric data, optimized for maximum
efficiency.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Echo Monitor\",

\"description\": \"A woman who listens to every conversation in PRIME,
ensuring that Customer Devotion never wavers. She offers suggestions for
improvement, whether you ask or not.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"A Broken Picker-Bot\",

\"description\": \"A former warehouse robot, now malfunctioning,
muttering \'Faster... Faster...\' in an endless loop.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"Bezos' First Kindle\",

\"description\": \"Displayed in a glass case, radiating an aura of holy
significance. It is said that to touch it grants enlightenment... or
instant exile.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Prime Membership Contract\",

\"description\": \"A gilded tablet etched with the unbreakable terms of
PRIME citizenship. The fine print is infinite.\"

}

\]

},

{

\"landmark_number\": 4,

\"landmark_name\": \"The Return Processing Center\",

\"description\": \"A bleak gray tower where those who fail to meet PRIME
expectations are sent. No one ever exits. The sound of conveyor belts
hums in the distance, but no packages are moving. Only people.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"A Former Executive\",

\"description\": \"Stripped of power, now wearing an orange jumpsuit
marked \'Defective Unit.\' He whispers about what happens on the other
side of the conveyor belt.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"A Rogue UPS Driver\",

\"description\": \"A fugitive hiding in the shadows, spreading
blasphemous ideas about alternative delivery services. He asks if you
have ever heard of FedEx.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Cursed Package\",

\"description\": \"A return that was denied three times. The label
reads: \'Delivery Impossible.\' No one knows what happens to those who
try to open it.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Prime Tribunal\",

\"description\": \"A mechanized judge that reads customer complaints
aloud before passing instant, algorithmic judgment.\"

}

\]

},

{

\"landmark_number\": 5,

\"landmark_name\": \"The One-Day War Memorial\",

\"description\": \"A solemn monument dedicated to the fallen soldiers of
The One-Day War, when PRIME waged battle against Walmart Nation and
Target\'s Rebel Alliance. The names of countless delivery drones are
etched into black obsidian walls, alongside the now-extinct Whole Foods
Workers\' Union.\",

\"entities\": \[

{

\"entity_number\": 1,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Two-Day Heretic\",

\"description\": \"An elderly man who remembers when shipping took
longer than one day. He speaks in whispers, fearing Execution by
Expedited Shipping.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 2,

\"type\": \"CITIZEN\",

\"name\": \"The Prime Soldier\",

\"description\": \"A battle-scarred Autonomous Delivery Robot, still
patrolling the ruins, waiting for the next skirmish.\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 3,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"The Last Non-Prime Package\",

\"description\": \"A relic from before The Great Optimization. It bears
the cursed mark: \'Standard Shipping (5-7 Business Days).\'\"

},

{

\"entity_number\": 4,

\"type\": \"OBJECT\",

\"name\": \"Jeff's Tears\",

\"description\": \"A vial of water, said to be from the only time Bezos
ever cried---when a delivery was late.\"

}

\]

}

\],

\"execution_sequence\": {

\"description\": \"If you become TOO CURIOUS, your Echo Node buzzes with
an urgent alert. A soothing voice (Jeff Bezos' own) fills the air:
\'Your behavior is Sub-Optimal. Your Devotion to PRIME is Lacking.
Please proceed to the Nearest Return Center for Processing.\' Two Amazon
Drones flank you. Your account balance is instantly drained, and your
Amazon cart is forcibly emptied as a warning.\",

\"steps\": \[

\"1. You are escorted to the Return Processing Center by Amazon
Drones.\",

\"2. Your account balance is drained, and your Amazon cart is emptied as
a warning.\",

\"3. You are strapped to a conveyor belt inside the Return Center. A
giant scanner arm hovers above, assessing your value.\",

\"4. If deemed \'Repackagable,\' your body is boxed, sealed, and shipped
to an unknown warehouse.\",

\"5. If deemed \'Defective,\' you are shredded by a machine labeled
\'Customer Service Satisfaction Guarantee.\'\",

\"6. Your final sight is a drone posting your execution footage as a
review on Amazon: \'Arrived quickly, but lacked loyalty. 2/5 stars.\'\"

\]

}

}
